feat(harbor-scanner-sysdig-secure): Pump Harbor scanner version (#1751) (#1752)
sysdiglabs/charts: charts/harbor-scanner-sysdig-secure/README.md

| `proxy.httpProxy`                            | Specifies the URL of the proxy for HTTP connections. Leave empty if not using proxy. It sets the `http_proxy` environment variable. | ` `                                       |
| `proxy.httpsProxy`                           | Specifies the URL of the proxy for HTTPS connections. Leave empty if not using proxy.  It sets the `https_proxy` environment variable. | ` `                                       |
| `proxy.noProxy`                              | Specifies the comma-separated list of domain extensions proxy should not be used for. Includes the internal IP of the kube API server. | ` `                                       |
| `cliScanning.enabled`                     | Enables the CLI Scanning feature.                         | `true`                                    |

> | `cliScanning.image`                       | Specifies the pullstring for the CLI Scanner Image.                         | `quay.io/sysdig/sysdig-cli-scanner:1.9.2`                                    |

Author: ```suggestion
| `cliScanning.image`                       | Specifies the pullstring for the CLI Scanner Image.                         | `alpine:latest`                                    |
```
